IBX-6626: Simplify user actions (#233)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/schedule_publishing.md

# Schedule content publication

> Three methods are available for you to schedule content to be published, revealed or hidden in the future:

Reviewer: I think the original version sounds better.

![Publish Later button in the menu](img/publish_later.png "Publish Later button in the menu")

> A **Future publication settings** window is displayed. Choose a date and time and the content is published at that time.

Author: ```suggestion
A **Future publication settings** window is displayed.
Choose a date and time and the content will be published at that time.
```

![Discard publish later button in the menu](img/discard_publish_date.png "Discard publish later button in the menu")

You can also [reschedule or cancel planned publications](#reschedule-or-cancel-publication).
To comfortably browse all the future events, use the [Calendar widget](#calendar-widget).

## Date-based hiding

> When your Content item is published, you can schedule a date and time and the content is hidden at that time.

Author: ```suggestion
When your Content item is published, you can schedule a date and time and the content will be hidden at that time.
```

## Timeline [[% include 'snippets/experience_badge.md' %]] [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

The timeline in Page mode shows all changes that are planned to happen to the Page in the future.

> You can use the slider to preview what the Page is planned to look like at a given time.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the slider to preview what the Page will look like at a given time.
```
